int[] arr = new int[10]; // When we create an object using the 'new' keyword, it is stored in heap memory, and the starting address of the array is stored in stack memory.
int a = 1; // When we create a variable, it is stored in stack memory.

Jagged Array -- An array of different length arrays is called a Jagged Array.

Encapsulation -- Bundling data and methods into a single unit is called Encapsulation and is also used for data hiding.
    We can achieve encapsulation using getter and setter methods.
    To create getter and setter methods, we need to define the variable as private.

Inheritance -- Inheriting the properties of a parent class is called Inheritance.
    Inheritance is used to create a new class based on an existing class, and it’s a mechanism through which an object can acquire all the properties of another class.

Polymorphism -- Polymorphism allows methods to do different things based on the object they are acting upon, even though the method name and signature might be the same.
    Compile-time polymorphism can be achieved using method overloading.
    Runtime polymorphism can be achieved using method overriding.
    Runtime polymorphism is also known as Dynamic Method Dispatch.

Abstraction -- Abstract methods can be declared in an abstract class only.
    In an abstract class, we can define non-abstract methods as well.
    Methods without a body are known as abstract methods.
    Methods with a body are known as concrete methods.
    We cannot create an object of an abstract class.
    Animal animal = new Animal(); // Animal is an abstract class.
    We can create a reference for an abstract class and an object for an implementation class.
    Animal animal = new Dog(); // Animal is an abstract class and Dog is a non-abstract implementation class of Animal.

Access Modifiers -- 
    Public -- Public methods and variables can be accessed from anywhere, across different packages as well.
    Private -- We can access them at the class level only.
        We can restrict anyone from creating an object of a class by defining the constructor of the class as private.
    Protected -- We can access the protected keyword from a different class only when that class is extending the class in which the protected keyword is defined.
        We can also access it within the same package without extending.
    Default -- We can access them at the package level only.

Constructor -- A special method to initialize an object.
    It is called when we declare an object.
    There is no return type for constructors.

Static -- It can be applied to variables, methods, blocks, and nested classes.
    The main concept behind static is that it belongs to the class rather than an instance of the class (object).
    We cannot access a non-static method from a static method directly.
    To access a non-static method from a static method, we need to create an object for the non-static method in the static method.
    The static method cannot use non-static data members or call non-static methods directly.
    `this()` and `super()` cannot be used in a static context.

Final Keyword -- Can be used with:
    Variable -- If a variable is initialized as final, then we cannot change the value of that variable.
    Method -- If a method is declared as final, then we cannot override that method.
    Class -- If a class is declared as final, then we cannot inherit that class.

Interface -- A blueprint for creating a class.
    Interfaces are used to achieve multiple inheritance.
    Interfaces are used to achieve complete abstraction.
    Interfaces have only static variables and abstract methods.
    By default, all variables in an interface are static and final.
    By default, all methods defined in an interface are abstract.

Difference between abstract class and interface:
    In an interface, there are only static variables and abstract methods, while in an abstract class, there can be abstract methods as well as concrete methods.
    In an interface, the child class implements the interface, while in an abstract class, the child class extends the abstract class.
